[laughing]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is to
destroy a man-made Devil Fruit
Factory in the
kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
with the Flame-Flame
Fruit as a prize.
Burgess from the Blackbeard
Pirates wins the first block
of the tournament and
the second rages on
with fierce competitors.
Meanwhile, on the
other side of town.
Traffy! What gives?
Why'd you pick such a
dangerous spot for the tradeoff?
Deal with it.
[BOTH gasp]
No point in complaining.
We're already here.
More importantly, don't you
think the people in this country
are acting kind of strange?
Doflamingo said he stepped down.
If they don't have a king,
why is everybody so calm?
We were taken by a surprise
the moment we got here.
[USOPP]
That's what worries me!
[ELIZABELLO]
King...
...Punch!
[BARTOLOMEO]
It's a Barrier!
Guess I got my Bari-Bari Fruit
to thank for that one.
Barrier Crash!
[ELIZABELLO yells]
That means Block B's
winner is...
Dammit all!
Bartolomeo!
[laughs]
[CROWD booing]
[GYATS] And the crowd is not
happy with this turn of events!
In a last minute upset,
Bartolomeo KO's Elizabello
and becomes the
winner of Block B!
[booing continues]
[LUFFY] I didn't know that
peeing chicken guy
was so tough.
First things first.
[LUFFY grunts]
Looks like the ginormous grandpa
and Cabbage took off.
Time to scram!
[LUFFY]
Hm...
[MEDIC A]
Outta the way!
[MEDIC B]
Clear out!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[gasps]
It's Bellamy!
I heard you.
[LUFFY grunts]
You okay?
I can't believe you had the gall
to cheer for me back there.
That was so embarrassing.
And a lot of good it did.
I ain't changed one bit.
It's pathetic!
You have changed, Bellamy.
[grunts]
I've seen you wield
your Haki powers.
They're stronger than anything
I've ever dreamed of.
Which really pisses me off.
My pride's shattered, but I'll
return your compliment.
You've changed, Straw Hat!
[gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
Wha-- Wh-Wh-What did he say?
No.
[gasps]
Straw Hat's here? He can't be!
[footsteps]
[USOPP] Man oh man.
One hell of a solid bridge!
[CAESAR CLOWN chuckles]
Thanks to these bars,
we're safe if any Fighting Fish
wants to attack, right?
[USOPP gulps]
I hope we don't find out.
[LAW]
Hm...? One's approaching.
[CAESAR CLOWN, USOPP gasp]
What do you mean?
You can't say that
and then go quiet!
You weren't talking
about a-a-a--!
[splashing]
[gasps]
You guys hear that?
Better yet, you see that?
[USOPP, CAESAR CLOWN]
It's... a Fighting Fish!
[USOPP, CAESAR CLOWN yell]
And it's freakin' huge!
[USOPP gasps]
Given the name,
I expected an actual fish.
Looks like a fish to me.
Then you better get your
vision checked, buddy!
That's a sea monster!
A wild beast!
[USOPP yelps]
Here it comes again!
He's not alone this time!
[USOPP, CAESAR CLOWN gasp]
[USOPP] There's a school
of those monsters!
[ROBIN] The man at the cafe said
this bridge was reinforced
with iron to protect
against them.
[USOPP] So there's absolutely
nothing to worry about, right?
[USOPP chuckles nervously]
[USOPP yells]
This bridge is a piece of crap!
[growls]
[ROBIN] Do you think we can make
it to Green Bit at this rate?
[LAW] Relax. Usopp should
be able to handle it.
You're the Warlord!
You handle it!
There's a time and place for me
to fight, but it's not here.
[USOPP gasps]
Better get ready.
Special Attack! Green--
[USOPP screams]
[ROBIN]
Two from behind!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
They're going to crush us!
Now, Mil Fleurs!
Gigantesco Mano! Spank!
[FIGHTING FISH A groans]
Skull Bombgrass!
[FIGHTING FISH B groans]
Good work, now keep it up!
You kidding me?
Look how many of those
things we're up against!
It's a pack! There's no way
we can fight 'em all!
We gotta make a run for it!
Skull Bombgrass times two!
[LAW] Hey, Nose!
Unlock Caesar's restraints!
He's gonna help keep
those fish off our backs!
You crazy?
He's just gonna fly away
and leave us for dead!
Then I suggest he reconsider it!
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
It can't be! Bastard!
Ah! That's my heart!
I swear you will all die a
miserable death very soon!
No one abuses a brilliant
scientist like Casesar
and lives!
Gastille!
[FIGHTING FISH C growls]
That's some major power!
No wonder the guy is
worth 300 million!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Gastille!
[LAW]
Keep running!
But seriously, Law!
Whenever you're ready,
we could use your help!
Tell me about it!
You expect me to fight them all?
When I use my powers, it saps
away my stamina bit by bit.
I need to conserve every bit
of energy for the trip back!
Understand?
If my strength is even the least
bit depleted, we're screwed!
This is Doflamingo
we're going up against!
[grunts]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
What an imbecile!
Does he really believe he
stands a chance against Joker?
[USOPP grunts]
[USOPP] Oh, just perfect!
The bridge's collapsed!
What are we supposed to do now?
Plus the fog's so thick,
who knows how much
further we have to go?
[LAW] Fighting Fish!
Headed straight for us!
Then we're in real trouble!
We can't let it destroy
anymore of the bridge!
[LAW grunts]
Roo--
[FIGHTING FISH D growls]
[LAW gasps]
[gasps]
What stopped it?
[USOPP gasps]
[OLD FEMALE DWARF A]
Looks like we bagged one!
[FEMALE DWARF A]
Then hurry and reel it in!
[MALE DWARF A]
Today's the big battle!
Time to power up for it
with Fighting Fish stew!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
Whose voices are those?
People who live on
the island, I suppose.
What do you mean?
You said it was uninhabited,
didn't you?
Hey! Who's on the
other side of the bridge?
Also, how do we cross
and get over there?
[MALE DWARF B]
Did you hear that? It's a human!
[FEMALE DWARF B]
We gotta scram! Let's go!
Well that sure was interesting.
Now what?
We gotta find a way
to get across the chasm.
[CAESAR CLOWN] You're welcome!
No need to thank me!
Hey, Caesar!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Eh?
Fly us to the island.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?!
Law! You bastard!
I swear you're gonna
pay for this one day!
[USOPP]
Stop complaining!
I mean, look how
great the view is!
[ROBIN] We should have
flown over like this
right from the start.
[USOPP]
Hey. Why didn't we, Caesar?
Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Cut the crap, already!
Do you have any idea how
much gas energy it takes
to float three people?
I thought hostages were supposed
to be treated humanely!
[LAW] The drag marks from
the fish end at this spot.
And besides us, there's not
a single person in sight.
I wonder what happened
back on the bridge.
[ROBIN] The waters are
filling up with shipwrecks
from the Fighting Fish attacks.
[USOPP gasps]
Up ahead! What's that?
First giant fish, now plants?
[USOPP] You don't actually
expect us to go in there?
[CROWD cheers]
Up next, we have the
battle of Block C!
As soon as the
arena is fixed up,
then we can commence
with the slaughter!
All competitors in Block C,
report to the entrance gate!
[LUFFY]
Huh? Sounds like it's that time.
[GYATS] I repeat!
All competitors in Block C,
report to the entrance
gate immediately!
[LUFFY]
Alright! Let's do it!
[GYATS] Before we start,
I'd like to introduce some
competitors to keep an eye on!
First up is the two-time
champion of the
New World Central
Fighting Tournament!
"Destruction Cannon" Ideo!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] These assassins are
in the business of killing
100 million or higher bounties.
The Funk Brothers!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] This next competitor
comes from Elbaf,
the famous land of giants.
I give you the formidable
"Pirate Mercenary"...
[GYATS]
...Hajrudin!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
But wait! That's not all!
Known for his penchant
for extreme violence
and driving his opponents
into the corner,
Jean the Bandit!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] Also, a beast that
never stops seeing red,
The Colosseum's Grim Reaper!
Brutal Bull!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
And today's likely winner!
The terrible trio from
the Kano Kingdom!
Sai...! Boo...!
And the legendary
former pirate, Don Chin Jao!
[CROWD cheers]
[CHIN JAO]
You're mine, Straw Hat!
But these are merely a sampling
of the contenders
from the third Block!
One things for certain,
it's gonna one hell of a match!
Prepare your eyes and
stomachs for what could be
the fiercest battle yet!
[CROWD cheers]
[NARRATOR] But first, let's go
back in time a moment...
[NARRATOR] ...and over to a
nearby town in Dressrosa.
[VIOLET gasps]
What's the matter?
[VIOLET]
This was a terrible idea!
You should go back!
I'm sorry, Sanji.
I must be out of my mind!
Why else would I
ask you to do this?
Could you ever forgive me?
Begging you to kill
such a dangerous man!
Why did I bring it up?
I suppose because
you're strong, but still...
I was trying to use you.
[VIOLET]
Please! Just walk away!
You shouldn't get tangled
up with someone like me!
If something happened to you,
I don't think my
heart could bear it.
You said this low life
is in that storage room?
Is that right?
Wait here.
[gasps]
[grunts] Aren't you going
to ask the reason?
[SANJI]
What do you mean?
[VIOLET gasps]
You never asked.
Why I wanted you to kill him!
[SANJI]
I don't need to question you.
[gasps]
[SANJI]
Your tears were reason enough.
[gasps]
My sweet Sanji!
You should stay here.
It won't take me but a minute.
Leave everything up to
your faithful bodyguard.
[gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE
A, B chuckle]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C gasps]
What the-- Who's there?
[SANJI] I suggest you
smoke 'em if you got 'em.
Cause today could be the last
time you get the chance.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Huh? Who the hell are you?
[SANJI]
One look at you,
and I can tell you're that
creep that made Violet suffer.
Oh really? That woman
put you up to this?
My angel has a name
and it's Violet.
She's smart to want a louse
like you outta her life.
What did you say?
Screw you, pal!
Go end this punk!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B] What're
you doing standing around?
I told you to kill him!
Don't make me waste my time.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D grunts]
Say that again!
Let's shut him up for good!
[PIRATES yell]
[SANJI]
Oeil! Flanchet! Joue! Poitrine!
Party Table Kick Course!
[SANJI]
I tried to tell you.
I don't have time
for you chumps.
[PIRATES gasp]
[VIOLET yells]
[SANJI gasps]
Violet, my love!
Save me, Sanji!
I've had enough of you!
Stay back!
I'm only gonna tell
you this once.
Unhand her, or die.
No! Listen to me!
Want her to live?
Then you better not
move a single muscle.
Or I'll have to--
[gasps]
Rgh! Where'd he go? Dammit!
[SANJI]
Down here.
[gasps]
[SANJI] I refuse to
show mercy to any man
that makes a lady cry.
Instead, you get my
Diable Jambe!
[SANJI]
Amour... Shot!
[VIOLET gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B yells]
You see?
When you stand in the way
of love... I put my foot down.
[VIOLET]
Oh Sanji! I was so scared!
[SANJI] It's all over.
You're not hurt, are you?
[VIOLET]
No! Thanks to you!
[SANJI gasps]
Ahem. Good to hear.
[VIOLET]
Listen, Sanji.
[SANJI]
Hm?
[VIOLET] If I could...
ask just one more favor.
[gasps]
Only one?
I thought you would
have learned by now.
I'd do anything for you!
[VIOLET chuckles]
That's good.
[SANJI]
Mm?
[VIOLET]
Then here is my final request.
You must give your life to me.
Every last drop
of it, "Black Leg".
Whoa. Let's back up here.
I mean, what're you saying?
[VIOLET chuckels]
You really are a fool.
[SANJI gasps]
[VIOLET chuckles]
[NARRATOR] Sanji is devastated
to learn Violet's true colors.
Elsewhere, Usopp and Robin
part ways with Law
and begin to explore Green Bit.
As the two investigate the
forest of giant plants,
they come close to
discovering the secret
of Dressrosa's
legendary fairies!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Explore!
Fairies' Island - Green Bit!"
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!